GAME_INFO.md, before:

# UMOB

## Guns and Gun Effects

### Knock-back
Some guns have "knock-back". If you shoot an enemy with a gun with knock-back, they will be knocked back in the direction of the shot. 
If there is another actor behind the actor that was shot, that actor will take 1/4 of the gun's damage.
If there is a wall behind the actor that was shot, the actor that was shot will take an additional 1/4 of the gun's damage.

## Cover system
If you're behind cover, and an enemy tries to shoot you from the direction of that cover, the hit chance is reduced.
Some terrain (like walls) give you "full" cover, while others (like half walls) give you "half" cover. Full cover reduced hit chance by 50%, while 
half cover reduces it by 25%. Enemies can also take cover.

You can have cover in each of the four cardinal directions. If an enemy shoots you from a direct diagonal, the maximum applicable cover will be applied. 
So for example, if you have full cover to the North and half cover to the East, and an enemy is directly north-east of you and shoots you, the north full-cover will apply and the hit chance will be reduced by 50%.

Commit message:

Ai improvements (#4)
* Refactor view into util class

* Tweak view size and cell size

* Add knockback animation

* Fix imports

* Add "infinite accuracy" debug option

* Add flanking bonuses

* Let walls block enemy view

* Add enemy class

Keeps track of where player was last seen

* Add "Non player actor" abstract class

* Add "actIfPossible"

* Make enemies move towards where they last saw the player if they cant see the player

* Use "Coords" type where possible

* Slight refactoring

Move some _act functionality into its own function

* Move "wander" into enemy class

* Add "wanderingEnemies" debug option

* Add "showPlayerLastSeens" debug option

* Slightly refactor and improve hostile behavior

If enemy is at lastSawPlayer at and they can't see the player, just turn randomly (i.e. look around for the player)

GAME_INFO.md, after:

# UMOB

## Guns and Gun Effects

### Knock-back
Some guns have "knock-back". If you shoot an enemy with a gun with knock-back, they will be knocked back in the direction of the shot. 
If there is another actor behind the actor that was shot, that actor will take 1/4 of the gun's damage.
If there is a wall behind the actor that was shot, the actor that was shot will take an additional 1/4 of the gun's damage.

## Flanking
Guns have a flanking bonus, which is 50% by default. If you shoot an enemy in the side, it does +flanking-bonus damage.
If you shoot them in the back, it does +2 x flanking-bonus damage.
Same goes for if enemies shoot you.

## Cover system
If you're behind cover, and an enemy tries to shoot you from the direction of that cover, the hit chance is reduced.
Some terrain (like walls) give you "full" cover, while others (like half walls) give you "half" cover. Full cover reduced hit chance by 50%, while 
half cover reduces it by 25%. Enemies can also take cover.

You can have cover in each of the four cardinal directions. If an enemy shoots you from a direct diagonal, the maximum applicable cover will be applied. 
So for example, if you have full cover to the North and half cover to the East, and an enemy is directly north-east of you and shoots you, the north full-cover will apply and the hit chance will be reduced by 50%.
